Update for get-block-info in SIP-021 (#178)
stacksgov/sips: sips/sip-021/sip-021-nakamoto.md

This proposal, dubbed the "Nakamoto" release, represents a substantial architectural change to the current Stacks blockchain. If adopted, the Stacks major version would be bumped from 2 to 3. The first Nakamoto release would be 3.0.0.0.0.

> # Addendum

Reviewer: I think this addendum section can go at the bottom instead of at the top.

Author: The only Addendum I could find was on top of the document. I am fine with both.

Reviewer 2: I recommend moving addendum to the end of ratified SIP.

Reviewer: I just pushed a commit moving this to the end.

_The following was added after this SIP was accepted, where some clarification about Clarity specifications were necessary. The following section addresses these changes **without** changing the ratified text_

The introduction of Fast Blocks and of the new Clarity variables `tenure-height` and `stacks-block-height` in this SIP requires that the existing Clarity function `get-block-info?` is changed. The function should be removed in Clarity 3, instead two new functions should be added that retrieves data for stacks blocks and for tenure blocks:

> * `get-stacks-block-info?`
>   * id-header-hash: as `(get-block-info? id-header-hash bh)`.
>   * header-hash: as `(get-block-info? header-hash bh)`.
>   * time: **new** in Clarity 3, this property returns a `uint` value of the stacks block header time field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `(get-stacks-block-info? property-name block-height)`, where `property-name` is one of:
  * id-header-hash: identical to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? id-header-hash block-height)`
  * header-hash: identical to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? header-hash block-height)`
  * time: **new** in Clarity 3, this property returns a `uint` value matching the time field in the Stacks block header
```

> * `get-tenure-info?`
>   * burnchain-header-hash: as `(get-block-info? burnchain-header-hash bh)`.
>   * miner-address: as `(get-block-info? miner-address bh)`.
>   * time: as `(get-block-info? time bh)`, returns the value of the burn chain block header time field of the tenure block.
>   * block-reward: as `(get-block-info? time bh)`.
>   * miner-spend-total: as `(get-block-info? miner-spend-total bh)`.
>   * miner-spend-winner: as `(get-block-info? miner-spend-winner bh)`.
>   * vrf-seed: as `(get-block-info? vrf-seed bh)` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `(get-tenure-info? property-name tenure-height)`, where `property-name` is one of:
  * burnchain-header-hash: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? burnchain-header-hash block-height)`.
  * miner-address: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? miner-address block-height)`.
  * time: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? time block-height)`, returns the value of the burn chain block header time field of the tenure block.
  * block-reward: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? time block-height)`.
  * miner-spend-total: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? miner-spend-total block-height)`.
  * miner-spend-winner: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? miner-spend-winner block-height)`.
  * vrf-seed: equivalent to Clarity 2's `(get-block-info? vrf-seed block-height)` 
```
